Tctl admin historyhost (#1147)
temporalio/documentation: docs/tctl/admin/history_host/describe.md

---
id: describe
title: tctl admin history_host describe
description: Describing the information in a history host
tags:
  - reference
  - tctl
---

The `tctl admin history_host describe` command describes the internal information of history host.

Alias: `-desc`

## Modifiers

The following modifiers change the behavior of the command.

#### `--workflow_id value`

Aliases: `--wid value`, `-w value`

The WorkflowId of the Workflow whose history host is to be described.

#### `--history_address value`

Alias: `--had value`

The history address of the history host.

#### `--shard_id value`

Alias: `--sid value`

The Id of the shard that belongs to the history host.

#### `--print_full`

Alias: `--pf`

> Print a fully detailed summary of the history host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Print a full and detailed summary of the history host.
```
